-: Welcome back.
As part of step five,
we are going to deploy the external DNS.
So let's go to our terminal here,
and we'll enter into the section 08
new year B application load balances.
And inside that, we will go to 0807 0806,
which is nothing but deploy external DNS.
And we'll say kubectl.
And if you want, we can verify a less alert year
and Kube manifest.
You'll find the 01 deploy external DNS.YML.
So I'll say kubectl apply hyphen F and Kube manifest.
So this should create or deploy the external DNS for us.
So let's wait for it to complete.
So we can see here,
the service account external DNS configure cluster roll
and then cluster roll binding created
and deployment external DNS also created.
And this warning, you can ignore.
So that is fine.
So now let's come back here
and run the command kubectl,
get all from the new default namespace.
So all the deployments and whatever the resources present
in default namespace, we are going to get here.
So we can see here, external DNS pod is running
and we can see external DNS related deployment
and external DNS related ReplicaSet.
And if we want,
we can also list only the external DNS pod here.
So get pods, right?
And now you can see external DNS pod running.
So if you want to verify the logs,
so we can run this command
to verify the external DNS pod logs here.
And we can see if there are any errors or anything also,
we can see here.
All you can see is everything is working as expected
and didn't see any errors here, right?
So using in-cluster conflicts service token
and created Kubernetes
client applying provider record filter,
all are info messages.
So all are info messages.
So there are no errors inside this.
So if any errors also, it will be continuously throwing
and then we can easily find it, right?
So this completes that deployment
of our external DNS related things.
So what we have done, so we have created a IAM policy
and we have created a Kubernetes service account
with IAM role and annotated
that IAM Kubernetes service account with the IAM role ERN.
So all those things we have done using eksctl,
create IAM service account command.
And using that single command only further,
we have also associated the IAM policy to IAM role.
After that, we have updated
the external DNS default manifest,
which will create the external DNS related service account
and cluster role, cluster role binding,
and also it has created the deployment
which created the external DNS pod.
So this Kubernetes manifest, whatever it has created,
whatever it has provided
is from the external DNS related documentation.
Ideally, already we have created this part.
So we really don't need to have this here.
We can remove it, if we don't want.
But I took how the documentation is present,
exactly how took in then put it here.
But that's the reason you can see this error also
whatever you're seeing, right?
This a warning message.
Also came because it is saying
that you already have the external DNS
and then why you are trying to reconfigure it
or something like that.
But ideally, we don't need this part,
but it is given in the documentation I have, I read it.
So deploy external DNS-related Kubernetes manifest.
So we already using eksctl create IAM service account,
we have created external DNS,
and we have also annotated that
with this respect to IAM role,
which means this part here is not needed,
so this service account part.
But anyway, so it is part of the documentation manifest.
So that's the reason I have put it in,
which is no harm for us.
So that is fine for us, right?
So now, let's come back
and in our next section or in the next demo,
we are going to focus on using this external DNS concepts
and adding the annotation in our Ingress service
and then test it whether our DNS records
get automatically created in Route 53 hosted zones.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.